apps/workflow/permissions.py:13:44: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/enums.py:4:23: error: Class cannot subclass "TextChoices" (has
apps/workflow/models/xero_token.py:6:17: error: Class cannot subclass "Model"
Class cannot subclass "BaseCommand" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/workflow/api/pagination.py:4:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/timesheet/apps.py:4:23: error: Class cannot subclass "AppConfig" (has type
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/quoting/serializers_django_jobs.py:5:27: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/quoting/serializers_django_jobs.py:15:36: error: Class cannot subclass
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/purchasing/apps.py:4:24: error: Class cannot subclass "AppConfig" (has
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/job/enums.py:4:17: error: Class cannot subclass "TextChoices" (has type
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:8:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:24:40: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:30:39: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:37:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:44:34: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:61:33: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:69:27: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:104:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:114:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:124:43: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:133:40: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:142:33: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/kanban_serializer.py:179:43: error: Class cannot subclass
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/job/migrations/0019_job_latest_sets.py:7:17: error: Class cannot subclass
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/client/apps.py:4:20: error: Class cannot subclass "AppConfig" (has type
apps/accounts/permissions.py:4:15: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/password_views.py:5:34: error: Class cannot subclass
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/accounts/migrations/0002_initial.py:8:17: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/serializers.py:10:42: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/accounting/serializers.py:16:33: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/accounting/serializers.py:29:36: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/accounting/serializers.py:37:28: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/accounting/serializers.py:52:28: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/accounting/serializers.py:69:34: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/accounting/serializers.py:110:31: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/serializers.py:119:33: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/serializers.py:129:39: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/serializers.py:137:36: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/serializers.py:149:33: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/serializers.py:162:34: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/serializers.py:168:31: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/serializers.py:190:31: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/enums.py:4:19: error: Class cannot subclass "TextChoices" (has
apps/accounting/enums.py:17:21: error: Class cannot subclass "TextChoices" (has
apps/accounting/apps.py:4:24: error: Class cannot subclass "AppConfig" (has
apps/workflow/models/xero_journal.py:7:19: error: Class cannot subclass "Model"
apps/workflow/models/xero_journal.py:32:27: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/models/xero_account.py:7:19: error: Class cannot subclass "Model"
apps/workflow/models/ai_provider.py:6:18: error: Class cannot subclass "Model"
apps/timesheet/migrations/0001_initial.py:10:17: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/quoting/views_django_jobs.py:7:24: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/quoting/views_django_jobs.py:14:33: error: Class cannot subclass
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/quoting/migrations/0004_scrapejob.py:10:17: error: Class cannot subclass
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/quoting/migrations/0001_initial.py:9:17: error: Class cannot subclass
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/job/models/spreadsheet.py:6:24: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has
apps/job/migrations/0027_quotespreadsheet.py:9:17: error: Class cannot subclass
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/job/migrations/0001_initial.py:12:17: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/client/migrations/0002_clientcontact.py:9:17: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/client/migrations/0001_initial.py:9:17: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/migrations/0001_initial.py:10:17: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/models/quote.py:9:13: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has
apps/workflow/models/company_defaults.py:5:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/timesheet/enums.py:6:16: error: Class cannot subclass "TextChoices" (has
apps/purchasing/migrations/0004_stock.py:11:17: error: Class cannot subclass
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/job/migrations/0018_costing_initial.py:9:17: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/managers.py:11:20: error: Class cannot subclass "BaseUserManager"
apps/accounts/models.py:14:13: error: Class cannot subclass "AbstractBaseUser"
apps/accounts/models.py:14:31: error: Class cannot subclass "PermissionsMixin"
Class cannot subclass "BaseCommand" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/accounting/models/invoice.py:11:31: error: Class cannot subclass "Model"
apps/accounting/models/invoice.py:55:20: error: Class cannot subclass "Model"
apps/accounting/migrations/0002_initial.py:12:17: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/migrations/0001_initial.py:11:17: error: Class cannot subclass
jobs_manager/authentication.py:13:25: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/models/app_error.py:8:16: error: Class cannot subclass "Model"
Class cannot subclass "Migration" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/job/models/job_event.py:7:16: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has
apps/accounts/serializers.py:10:39: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/serializers.py:49:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/serializers.py:76:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/serializers.py:95:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/forms.py:6:25: error: Class cannot subclass "UserCreationForm"
apps/accounts/forms.py:43:23: error: Class cannot subclass "UserChangeForm"
jobs_manager/extensions.py:6:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/timesheet/forms.py:8:23: error: Class cannot subclass "Form" (has type
apps/accounts/admin.py:11:18: error: Class cannot subclass "UserAdmin" (has
apps/accounts/admin.py:11:29: error: Class cannot subclass "SimpleHistoryAdmin"
apps/accounts/views/user_profile_view.py:16:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/user_profile_view.py:40:25: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/token_view.py:15:33: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/token_view.py:114:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:15:24: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:43:21: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:43:41: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:43:62: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:57:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:57:43: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:57:64: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:73:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:73:43: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:73:64: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_api.py:15:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/views/staff_api.py:32:41: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/models/service_api_key.py:8:21: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounts/apps.py:4:22: error: Class cannot subclass "AppConfig" (has type
apps/workflow/serializers.py:14:27: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/serializers.py:20:28: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/serializers.py:37:33: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/serializers.py:111:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/serializers.py:117:40: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/serializers.py:163:27: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/serializers.py:176:39: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/serializers.py:185:41: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/serializers.py:199:49: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/serializers.py:207:39: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/serializers.py:215:38: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/serializers.py:225:39: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/serializers.py:234:41: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/serializers.py:243:34: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/serializers.py:254:26: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/serializers.py:262:38: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/serializers.py:271:40: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/workflow/authentication.py:8:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/admin.py:8:24: error: Class cannot subclass "TabularInline" (has
apps/workflow/admin.py:25:28: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelAdmin" (has
apps/workflow/api/reports/pnl.py:13:34: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/client/models.py:10:14: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has type
apps/client/models.py:222:21: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has type
apps/workflow/views/company_defaults_api.py:9:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/views/app_error_view.py:13:27: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/views/app_error_view.py:32:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/views/app_error_view.py:47:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/views/ai_provider_viewset.py:13:25: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/models/job.py:23:11: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has type
apps/job/models/costing.py:9:15: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has type
apps/job/models/costing.py:43:16: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has
apps/client/serializers.py:6:31: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelSerializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:26:24: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/client/serializers.py:34:32: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/client/serializers.py:41:43: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:56:31: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:63:36: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:70:36: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:85:38: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:91:37: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:102:40: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:108:44: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:120:45: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:128:37: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:138:38: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:146:37: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/serializers.py:154:46: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/client/forms.py:11:18: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelForm" (has type
apps/job/models/job_quote_chat.py:8:20: error: Class cannot subclass "Model"
apps/quoting/tests/test_ocr_fixtures.py:13:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/models/job_file.py:10:15: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has
apps/purchasing/models.py:19:21: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has type
apps/purchasing/models.py:119:25: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has
apps/purchasing/models.py:200:34: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has
apps/purchasing/models.py:243:13: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has
apps/job/mixins.py:12:22: error: Class cannot subclass "GenericAPIView" (has
apps/job/admin.py:6:22: error: Class cannot subclass "TabularInline" (has type
apps/job/admin.py:14:20: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelAdmin" (has type
apps/job/admin.py:28:21: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelAdmin" (has type
apps/job/serializers/job_file_serializer.py:7:25: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_file_serializer.py:43:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_file_serializer.py:52:46: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_file_serializer.py:60:46: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_file_serializer.py:68:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_file_serializer.py:75:46: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_file_serializer.py:83:47: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_file_serializer.py:90:43: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/costing_serializer.py:10:26: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/costing_serializer.py:42:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/costing_serializer.py:110:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/costing_serializer.py:154:25: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/costing_serializer.py:178:39: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/costing_serializer.py:184:40: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/costing_serializer.py:200:43: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/quoting/models.py:10:23: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has type
apps/quoting/models.py:139:25: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has type
apps/quoting/models.py:162:17: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has type
apps/quoting/models.py:193:29: error: Class cannot subclass "Model" (has type
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:7:34: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:37:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:61:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:96:33: error: Class cannot subclass "Serializer"
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:104:43: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:111:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:118:40: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:128:41: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:135:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:146:41: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:165:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:175:45: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:182:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:198:45: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:205:32: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:220:50: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:230:27: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:247:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:261:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:270:40: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:277:26: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:287:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:294:41: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:301:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:308:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:318:41: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:325:43: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:332:44: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/serializers.py:342:42: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/forms.py:12:25: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelForm" (has
apps/purchasing/forms.py:28:29: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelForm" (has
apps/purchasing/admin.py:7:26: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelAdmin" (has
apps/purchasing/admin.py:21:30: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelAdmin" (has
apps/job/views/quote_import_views.py:28:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/quote_import_views.py:50:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/quote_import_views.py:72:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/job_file_view.py:27:26: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/job_file_view.py:35:41: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/job/views/job_file_view.py:448:44: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/job/views/job_file_upload.py:24:47: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/job/views/job_costline_views.py:30:26: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/job_costline_views.py:135:26: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/job_costline_views.py:204:26: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:18:25: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:41:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:58:21: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:231:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:240:34: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:251:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:260:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:267:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:273:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:280:34: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:287:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:295:36: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:303:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:316:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:330:36: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:338:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:350:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:358:34: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:367:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:374:37: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:383:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:396:39: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:403:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:412:40: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:423:49: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:432:49: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:444:50: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:452:47: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:459:47: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/serializers/job_serializer.py:467:46: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/views/kpi_view.py:19:31: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/accounting/views/kpi_view.py:30:26: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/accounting/views/job_aging_view.py:21:23: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:32:24: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView" (has
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:74:19: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView" (has
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:132:29: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView" (has
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:266:30: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView" (has
apps/timesheet/api/daily_timesheet_views.py:25:36: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/timesheet/api/daily_timesheet_views.py:84:31: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/quoting/mcp.py:12:32: error: Class cannot subclass "ModelQueryToolset"
apps/quoting/mcp.py:21:19: error: Class cannot subclass "MCPToolset" (has type
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:57:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:57:49: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:74:31: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:74:51: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:524:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:598:28: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/views/delivery_receipt.py:20:31: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/views/delivery_receipt.py:20:51: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/views/delivery_receipt.py:40:33: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/purchasing/views/delivery_receipt.py:40:53: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/apps.py:10:17: error: Class cannot subclass "AppConfig" (has type
apps/job/views/workshop_view.py:16:23: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/job/views/month_end_rest_view.py:22:24: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/modern_timesheet_views.py:38:32: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/modern_timesheet_views.py:322:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/modern_timesheet_views.py:401:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/client/views/client_rest_views.py:45:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/client/views/client_rest_views.py:73:28: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/client/views/client_rest_views.py:153:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/client/views/client_rest_views.py:228:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/client/views/client_rest_views.py:348:28: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/xero_webhooks.py:88:23: error: Class cannot subclass "View" (has
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:587:21: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:780:28: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:796:30: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/quoting/views.py:34:33: error: Class cannot subclass "LoginRequiredMixin"
apps/quoting/views.py:34:53: error: Class cannot subclass "TemplateView" (has
apps/quoting/views.py:236:27: error: Class cannot subclass "LoginRequiredMixin"
apps/quoting/views.py:236:47: error: Class cannot subclass "TemplateView" (has
apps/quoting/tests_mcp.py:15:24: error: Class cannot subclass "TestCase" (has
apps/quoting/tests_mcp.py:109:37: error: Class cannot subclass "TestCase" (has
Class cannot subclass "BaseCommand" (has type "Any")  [misc]
apps/job/views/kanban_view_api.py:32:27: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/job/views/kanban_view_api.py:85:30: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/job/views/kanban_view_api.py:141:25: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/kanban_view_api.py:200:24: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/kanban_view_api.py:244:32: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/kanban_view_api.py:273:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/kanban_view_api.py:325:32: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:30:28: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/job_costing_views.py:19:38: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/assign_job_view.py:14:21: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/workflow/apps.py:17:22: error: Class cannot subclass "AppConfig" (has type
apps/quoting/apps.py:10:21: error: Class cannot subclass "AppConfig" (has type
apps/job/views/job_rest_views.py:36:23: error: Class cannot subclass "APIView"
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_api.py:28:35: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/quote_sync_views.py:34:29: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/quote_sync_views.py:103:27: error: Class cannot subclass
apps/job/views/quote_sync_views.py:148:25: error: Class cannot subclass
