apps/workflow/permissions.py:44:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/middleware.py:86:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/middleware.py:89:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/exceptions.py:10:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
apps/accounts/permissions.py:5:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/utils.py:24:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation for
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
apps/accounts/models.py:96:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
apps/workflow/utils.py:9:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/utils.py:39:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/api/enums.py:12:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
apps/job/models/job_event.py:18:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
apps/accounts/utils.py:9:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation for
apps/accounts/utils.py:40:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/accounts/serializers.py:17:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/accounts/serializers.py:23:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/accounts/serializers.py:50:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/accounts/serializers.py:59:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/accounts/serializers.py:62:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/accounts/forms.py:33:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
jobs_manager/extensions.py:12:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/timesheet/forms.py:39:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/serializers.py:44:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/serializers.py:56:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/helpers.py:14:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/helpers.py:20:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/admin.py:15:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/workflow/admin.py:26:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
apps/job/helpers.py:11:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/helpers.py:22:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/helpers.py:28:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/client/models.py:73:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/client/models.py:265:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/client/models.py:268:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/models/job.py:303:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/models/costing.py:35:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/models/costing.py:81:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/client/forms.py:28:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
Function is missing a type annotation for one or more arguments
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
apps/purchasing/models.py:93:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/purchasing/models.py:387:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/purchasing/models.py:401:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/purchasing/models.py:423:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/utils.py:8:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/mixins.py:24:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/mixins.py:34:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/mixins.py:81:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/job/diff.py:97:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation for one or
apps/job/admin.py:49:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/accounting/services.py:71:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/accounting/services.py:87:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/models.py:135:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/models.py:158:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/models.py:189:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/models.py:295:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:43:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:80:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:147:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:204:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:275:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:348:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/views.py:30:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/views.py:44:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/views.py:54:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/views.py:245:5: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/views.py:252:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/views.py:303:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/views.py:376:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/views.py:487:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
apps/quoting/signals.py:14:1: error: Function is missing a type annotation
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
Function is missing a type annotation  [no-untyped-def]
