apps/workflow/services/validation.py:8:15: error: Call to untyped function
jobs_manager/settings/base.py:491:1: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_helpers.py:11:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_helpers.py:13:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_helpers.py:39:36: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_helpers.py:42:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/accounting/models/invoice.py:52:58: error: Call to untyped function
jobs_manager/authentication.py:26:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/accounts/utils.py:29:20: error: Call to untyped function "is_valid_uuid"
apps/accounts/views/staff_views.py:27:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/models/service_api_key.py:31:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/models/service_api_key.py:42:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/serializers.py:51:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/helpers.py:10:12: error: Call to untyped function "get_instance"
apps/workflow/api/xero/xero.py:236:64: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/xero.py:253:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/reports/pnl.py:139:35: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/reports/pnl.py:142:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/reports/pnl.py:151:22: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/helpers.py:18:12: error: Call to untyped function "get_instance" of
apps/workflow/api/xero/reprocess_xero.py:460:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/reprocess_xero.py:461:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/reprocess_xero.py:462:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/reprocess_xero.py:463:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/reprocess_xero.py:464:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/models/job.py:281:9: error: Call to untyped function "save" in typed
apps/job/models/job.py:295:45: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:268:22: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:269:49: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:316:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:361:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:363:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:368:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:423:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:472:53: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:476:62: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:482:60: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:486:49: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:503:35: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:534:39: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:535:34: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:569:27: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:858:22: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:859:49: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:914:22: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:916:13: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:917:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:973:38: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/quote_spreadsheet.py:988:33: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/importers/google_sheets.py:84:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/tests/test_ocr_fixtures.py:31:31: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/tests/test_ocr_fixtures.py:35:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/tests/test_ocr_fixtures.py:62:28: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/tests/test_ocr_fixtures.py:65:33: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/file_service.py:15:18: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/file_service.py:55:18: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/file_service.py:59:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/file_service.py:91:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/models/job_file.py:27:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/models/job_file.py:41:13: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/models.py:74:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/models.py:96:30: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/models.py:112:9: error: Call to untyped function "save" in
apps/job/mixins.py:48:19: error: Call to untyped function "get_job_by_number"
apps/job/mixins.py:102:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/workshop_pdf_service.py:48:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/kanban_service.py:67:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/kanban_service.py:412:26: error: Call to untyped function
apps/accounting/services.py:149:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/accounting/services.py:296:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/accounting/services.py:462:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:49:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:51:22: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:53:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:86:28: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:89:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:99:12: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:99:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:116:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:179:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:190:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:217:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:229:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:245:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:257:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:273:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:285:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:304:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:348:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:414:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:415:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:455:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:463:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:551:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:563:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:595:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:694:26: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:853:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:853:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:862:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:862:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:871:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:871:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:880:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:880:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:891:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:891:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:902:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:902:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:911:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:911:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:933:21: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:971:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:984:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:997:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:1026:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:1031:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:1091:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:1103:5: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:1134:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:1143:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:1148:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/api/xero/sync.py:1157:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_file_view.py:144:31: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_file_view.py:161:22: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_file_view.py:203:31: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_file_view.py:251:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_file_view.py:253:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_file_view.py:280:31: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_file_upload.py:50:35: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/month_end_service.py:17:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/accounting/views/job_aging_view.py:74:31: error: Call to untyped function
apps/timesheet/views/api.py:178:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/services/product_parser.py:31:33: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/services/product_parser.py:454:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/services/product_parser.py:492:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/stock.py:40:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/stock.py:46:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/stock.py:191:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/stock.py:194:28: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:87:13: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:226:13: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:295:33: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:400:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:461:32: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:462:27: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:485:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:555:26: error: Call to untyped function
apps/purchasing/views/purchase_order.py:623:26: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/workshop_view.py:37:26: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/quote_sync_service.py:138:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/client/views/client_rest_views.py:187:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/client/views/client_rest_views.py:381:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/client/views/client_rest_views.py:462:32: error: Call to untyped function
apps/client/views/client_rest_views.py:501:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/xero_webhooks.py:57:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/xero_webhooks.py:79:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/xero_webhooks.py:82:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/scheduler_jobs.py:44:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/scheduler_jobs.py:60:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:71:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:183:19: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:187:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:194:28: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:250:9: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:341:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:347:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:359:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:371:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:380:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:397:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:415:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:424:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:429:19: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:430:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:443:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:451:61: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:459:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:465:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:478:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:488:61: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:496:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:501:19: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:502:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:515:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:523:61: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:533:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:540:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:555:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:568:61: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:713:27: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:743:14: error: Call to untyped function
apps/workflow/views/xero/xero_view.py:747:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/views.py:178:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/views.py:207:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/tests_mcp.py:124:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/signals.py:39:18: error: Call to untyped function "ProductParser"
apps/quoting/scrapers/base.py:112:13: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/base.py:113:29: error: Call to untyped function "login"
apps/quoting/scrapers/base.py:120:28: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/base.py:183:37: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/base.py:193:25: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/base.py:202:17: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/base.py:221:13: error: Call to untyped function "cleanup"
apps/quoting/scrapers/base.py:251:21: error: Call to untyped function
Call to untyped function "ProductParser" in typed context  [no-untyped-call]
Call to untyped function "ProductParser" in typed context  [no-untyped-call]
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:109:19: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:112:35: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:158:19: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:161:35: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:193:19: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:196:35: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:235:19: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:236:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_quote_chat_views.py:239:35: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_costing_views.py:52:31: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/assign_job_view.py:43:30: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/assign_job_view.py:92:30: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/job_rest_service.py:79:13: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/services/job_rest_service.py:346:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:29:30: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:107:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:132:20: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:174:28: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:177:23: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:180:27: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:181:30: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:182:26: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:196:29: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:303:24: error: Call to untyped function
apps/quoting/scrapers/steel_and_tube.py:321:38: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/job_rest_views.py:255:16: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/quote_sync_views.py:198:26: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/quote_sync_views.py:205:33: error: Call to untyped function
apps/job/views/quote_sync_views.py:213:33: error: Call to untyped function
